README.md, before:

# HyperStudy Bridge

A unified, high-performance desktop application for bridging HyperStudy web experiments with research hardware devices.

<div align="center">

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

### [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest)

| Platform | Download |
|----------|----------|
| **macOS (Apple Silicon)** | [![Download ARM](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Apple%20Silicon-blue?style=flat-square&logo=apple)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |
| **macOS (Intel)** | [![Download Intel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Intel-blue?style=flat-square&logo=apple)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |

_All macOS builds are signed and notarized by Apple for security._

</div>

## Overview

HyperStudy Bridge provides a reliable, low-latency communication layer between the HyperStudy web application and various research devices including fNIRS, eye trackers, physiological sensors, and TTL pulse generators. Built with Tauri and Rust for maximum performance and minimal resource usage.

## Features

- **High Performance**: Sub-millisecond latency for time-critical operations
- **Multi-Device Support**: Simultaneous connection to multiple device types
- **Auto-Reconnection**: Resilient connection management with automatic recovery
- **Real-Time Monitoring**: Live status dashboard for all connected devices
- **Secure**: Local-only connections with sandboxed architecture
- **Cross-Platform**: macOS (primary), Windows, and Linux support

## Supported Devices

| Device | Type | Connection | Status |
|--------|------|------------|--------|
| [hyperstudy-ttl](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-ttl) | TTL Pulse Generator | USB Serial | Supported |
| Kernel Flow2 | fNIRS | TCP Socket | Supported |
| Pupil Labs Neon | Eye Tracker | WebSocket | Supported |
| Lab Streaming Layer | Various | LSL Protocol | Supported |

## Quick Start

### Installation

#### macOS
1. Download the appropriate `.dmg` for your Mac from the [Download section above](#download-latest-release)
2. Open the DMG and drag HyperStudy Bridge to Applications
3. Launch from Applications folder

#### Windows (Coming Soon)
1. Windows installer will be available in future releases

#### Linux (Coming Soon)
1. Linux AppImage will be available in future releases

### Usage

1. **Launch the Bridge**: Start HyperStudy Bridge before your experiment
2. **Connect Devices**: Click "Connect All" or configure individual devices
3. **Verify Status**: Ensure all required devices show green status
4. **Start Experiment**: The bridge will handle all device communication

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://rustup.rs/) (latest stable)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18+)
- [Tauri CLI](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge.git
cd hyperstudy-bridge

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Install Rust dependencies
cd src-tauri
cargo build
cd ..
```

### Development Mode

```bash
# Run in development mode with hot-reload
npm run tauri dev
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Backend tests only
cd src-tauri && cargo test

# Frontend tests only
npm run test:frontend

# E2E tests
npm run test:e2e
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for current platform
npm run tauri build

# Build for specific platform
npm run tauri build -- --target x86_64-apple-darwin
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐     WebSocket      ┌──────────────┐
│   HyperStudy    │◄──────:9000───────►│    Bridge    │
│   Web App       │                     │   Server     │
└─────────────────┘                     └──────┬───────┘
                                                │
                          ┌─────────────────────┼─────────────────────┐
                          │                     │                     │
                    ┌─────▼─────┐         ┌────▼────┐         ┌─────▼─────┐
                    │    TTL    │         │ Kernel  │         │  Pupil    │
                    │  Serial   │         │   TCP   │         │    WS     │
                    └─────┬─────┘         └────┬────┘         └─────┬─────┘
                          │                     │                     │
                    ┌─────▼─────┐         ┌────▼────┐         ┌─────▼─────┐
                    │ TTL Device│         │ Flow2   │         │   Neon    │
                    └───────────┘         └─────────┘         └───────────┘
```

## API Documentation

### WebSocket Protocol

Connect to `ws://localhost:9000` and send JSON messages:

```javascript
// Connect to device
{
  "type": "command",
  "device": "ttl",
  "action": "connect",
  "payload": { "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234" }
}

// Send command
{
  "type": "command",
  "device": "ttl",
  "action": "send",
  "payload": { "command": "PULSE" }
}

// Receive data
{
  "type": "data",
  "device": "kernel",
  "payload": { /* device-specific data */ },
  "timestamp": 1634567890123
}
```

See [API Documentation](docs/api/README.md) for complete protocol specification.

## Configuration

Settings are stored in:
- **macOS**: `~/Library/Application Support/hyperstudy-bridge/`
- **Windows**: `%APPDATA%\hyperstudy-bridge\`
- **Linux**: `~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/`

Example configuration:
```json
{
  "bridge": {
    "port": 9000,
    "autoConnect": true
  },
  "devices": {
    "ttl": {
      "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234",
      "baudRate": 115200
    },
    "kernel": {
      "ip": "192.168.1.100",
      "port": 6767
    }
  }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Serial Port Access (macOS/Linux)
```bash
# Add user to dialout group (Linux)
sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER

# Check port permissions (macOS)
ls -la /dev/tty.*
```

#### Port Already in Use
```bash
# Find process using port 9000
lsof -i :9000

# Kill process if needed
kill -9 <PID>
```

#### Device Not Detected
1. Check device is powered on and connected
2. Verify drivers are installed
3. Try unplugging and reconnecting
4. Check device appears in system (Device Manager/System Information)

See [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/troubleshooting.md) for more solutions.

## Performance

| Metric | Target | Typical |
|--------|--------|---------|
| TTL Latency | <1ms | 0.5ms |
| Message Throughput | >1000/sec | 1500/sec |
| Memory Usage | <100MB | 45MB |
| CPU Usage (idle) | <5% | 2% |
| Startup Time | <2sec | 1.2sec |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

### Development Workflow
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

- **Documentation**: [docs/](docs/)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge/issues)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge/discussions)

## Acknowledgments

- HyperStudy team for the core platform
- Tauri team for the excellent framework
- Device manufacturers for their APIs and documentation

## Roadmap

- [x] Core bridge architecture
- [x] TTL pulse generator support
- [x] Kernel Flow2 integration
- [x] Pupil Labs Neon support
- [x] Lab Streaming Layer support
- [ ] Auto-update system
- [ ] Device profiles and presets
- [ ] Data recording and playback
- [ ] Advanced diagnostics tools

---

Built for the research community

Commit message:

feat: Add cross-platform release builds for Linux and Windows
- Add release-linux.yml workflow for AppImage builds on Ubuntu 22.04
- Add release-windows.yml workflow for MSI builds (unsigned)
- Update create-release.yml orchestrator to build all platforms in parallel
- Update update-readme.yml to detect Linux/Windows assets
- Update README.md with download links and installation instructions for all platforms

README.md, after:

# HyperStudy Bridge

A unified, high-performance desktop application for bridging HyperStudy web experiments with research hardware devices.

<div align="center">

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

### [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest)

| Platform | Download |
|----------|----------|
| **macOS (Apple Silicon)** | [Apple Silicon](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |
| **macOS (Intel)** | [Intel](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |
| **Windows** | [Windows Installer](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |
| **Linux** | [Linux AppImage](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-bridge/releases/latest) |

_macOS builds are signed and notarized by Apple. Windows builds are unsigned (see note below)._

</div>

## Overview

HyperStudy Bridge provides a reliable, low-latency communication layer between the HyperStudy web application and various research devices including fNIRS, eye trackers, physiological sensors, and TTL pulse generators. Built with Tauri and Rust for maximum performance and minimal resource usage.

## Features

- **High Performance**: Sub-millisecond latency for time-critical operations
- **Multi-Device Support**: Simultaneous connection to multiple device types
- **Auto-Reconnection**: Resilient connection management with automatic recovery
- **Real-Time Monitoring**: Live status dashboard for all connected devices
- **Secure**: Local-only connections with sandboxed architecture
- **Cross-Platform**: macOS (primary), Windows, and Linux support

## Supported Devices

| Device | Type | Connection | Status |
|--------|------|------------|--------|
| [hyperstudy-ttl](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-ttl) | TTL Pulse Generator | USB Serial | Supported |
| Kernel Flow2 | fNIRS | TCP Socket | Supported |
| Pupil Labs Neon | Eye Tracker | WebSocket | Supported |
| Lab Streaming Layer | Various | LSL Protocol | Supported |

## Quick Start

### Installation

#### macOS
1. Download the appropriate `.dmg` for your Mac from the [Download section above](#download-latest-release)
2. Open the DMG and drag HyperStudy Bridge to Applications
3. Launch from Applications folder

#### Windows
1. Download the `.msi` installer from the [Download section above](#download-latest-release)
2. Run the installer and follow the prompts
3. Launch from the Start Menu

> **Note**: Windows may show a SmartScreen warning on first run since the app is not signed.
> Click "More info" → "Run anyway" to proceed.

#### Linux
1. Download the `.AppImage` from the [Download section above](#download-latest-release)
2. Make it executable and run:
   ```bash
   chmod +x HyperStudy-Bridge-*.AppImage
   ./HyperStudy-Bridge-*.AppImage
   ```

### Usage

1. **Launch the Bridge**: Start HyperStudy Bridge before your experiment
2. **Connect Devices**: Click "Connect All" or configure individual devices
3. **Verify Status**: Ensure all required devices show green status
4. **Start Experiment**: The bridge will handle all device communication

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://rustup.rs/) (latest stable)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18+)
- [Tauri CLI](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge.git
cd hyperstudy-bridge

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Install Rust dependencies
cd src-tauri
cargo build
cd ..
```

### Development Mode

```bash
# Run in development mode with hot-reload
npm run tauri dev
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Backend tests only
cd src-tauri && cargo test

# Frontend tests only
npm run test:frontend

# E2E tests
npm run test:e2e
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for current platform
npm run tauri build

# Build for specific platform
npm run tauri build -- --target x86_64-apple-darwin
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐     WebSocket      ┌──────────────┐
│   HyperStudy    │◄──────:9000───────►│    Bridge    │
│   Web App       │                     │   Server     │
└─────────────────┘                     └──────┬───────┘
                                                │
                          ┌─────────────────────┼─────────────────────┐
                          │                     │                     │
                    ┌─────▼─────┐         ┌────▼────┐         ┌─────▼─────┐
                    │    TTL    │         │ Kernel  │         │  Pupil    │
                    │  Serial   │         │   TCP   │         │    WS     │
                    └─────┬─────┘         └────┬────┘         └─────┬─────┘
                          │                     │                     │
                    ┌─────▼─────┐         ┌────▼────┐         ┌─────▼─────┐
                    │ TTL Device│         │ Flow2   │         │   Neon    │
                    └───────────┘         └─────────┘         └───────────┘
```

## API Documentation

### WebSocket Protocol

Connect to `ws://localhost:9000` and send JSON messages:

```javascript
// Connect to device
{
  "type": "command",
  "device": "ttl",
  "action": "connect",
  "payload": { "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234" }
}

// Send command
{
  "type": "command",
  "device": "ttl",
  "action": "send",
  "payload": { "command": "PULSE" }
}

// Receive data
{
  "type": "data",
  "device": "kernel",
  "payload": { /* device-specific data */ },
  "timestamp": 1634567890123
}
```

See [API Documentation](docs/api/README.md) for complete protocol specification.

## Configuration

Settings are stored in:
- **macOS**: `~/Library/Application Support/hyperstudy-bridge/`
- **Windows**: `%APPDATA%\hyperstudy-bridge\`
- **Linux**: `~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/`

Example configuration:
```json
{
  "bridge": {
    "port": 9000,
    "autoConnect": true
  },
  "devices": {
    "ttl": {
      "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234",
      "baudRate": 115200
    },
    "kernel": {
      "ip": "192.168.1.100",
      "port": 6767
    }
  }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Serial Port Access (macOS/Linux)
```bash
# Add user to dialout group (Linux)
sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER

# Check port permissions (macOS)
ls -la /dev/tty.*
```

#### Port Already in Use
```bash
# Find process using port 9000
lsof -i :9000

# Kill process if needed
kill -9 <PID>
```

#### Device Not Detected
1. Check device is powered on and connected
2. Verify drivers are installed
3. Try unplugging and reconnecting
4. Check device appears in system (Device Manager/System Information)

See [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/troubleshooting.md) for more solutions.

## Performance

| Metric | Target | Typical |
|--------|--------|---------|
| TTL Latency | <1ms | 0.5ms |
| Message Throughput | >1000/sec | 1500/sec |
| Memory Usage | <100MB | 45MB |
| CPU Usage (idle) | <5% | 2% |
| Startup Time | <2sec | 1.2sec |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

### Development Workflow
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

- **Documentation**: [docs/](docs/)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge/issues)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/yourusername/hyperstudy-bridge/discussions)

## Acknowledgments

- HyperStudy team for the core platform
- Tauri team for the excellent framework
- Device manufacturers for their APIs and documentation

## Roadmap

- [x] Core bridge architecture
- [x] TTL pulse generator support
- [x] Kernel Flow2 integration
- [x] Pupil Labs Neon support
- [x] Lab Streaming Layer support
- [ ] Auto-update system
- [ ] Device profiles and presets
- [ ] Data recording and playback
- [ ] Advanced diagnostics tools

---

Built for the research community
