TROUBLESHOOTING_GUIDE.md, before:

# HyperStudy Bridge Troubleshooting Guide

## Quick Diagnostics

Before troubleshooting, run these quick checks:

```bash
# Check if bridge is running
ps aux | grep hyperstudy-bridge

# Check if port 9000 is available
lsof -i :9000

# Test WebSocket connection
wscat -c ws://localhost:9000

# Check system resources
top -o cpu  # macOS
top         # Linux
taskmgr     # Windows
```

## Common Issues and Solutions

### Application Issues

#### Bridge Won't Start

**Symptoms:**
- Application crashes immediately
- No window appears
- Error message on launch

**Solutions:**

1. **Port Already in Use**
   ```bash
   # Find process using port 9000
   lsof -i :9000

   # Kill the process
   kill -9 <PID>
   ```

2. **Missing Dependencies (Linux)**
   ```bash
   sudo apt-get install libwebkit2gtk-4.0-dev \
     libgtk-3-dev libayatana-appindicator3-dev
   ```

3. **Permissions Issue (macOS)**
   ```bash
   # Reset permissions
   sudo chmod +x /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app/Contents/MacOS/HyperStudy\ Bridge

   # Clear quarantine
   xattr -d com.apple.quarantine /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app
   ```

4. **Corrupted Installation**
   - Completely uninstall the application
   - Delete config files: `~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/`
   - Reinstall from fresh download

#### High CPU Usage

**Symptoms:**
- CPU usage >50% when idle
- Fan spinning constantly
- System slowdown

**Solutions:**

1. **Disable Debug Logging**
   - Open Settings → Advanced
   - Turn off "Debug Mode"
   - Restart application

2. **Reduce Data Rates**
   ```javascript
   // Lower sampling rates in device config
   {
     "samplingRate": 10,  // Reduce from 100
     "bufferSize": 100    // Reduce from 1000
   }
   ```

3. **Check for Infinite Loops**
   - Review logs for rapid repeating messages
   - Disconnect problematic devices
   - Report issue with log file

#### Memory Leaks

**Symptoms:**
- Memory usage grows over time
- Application becomes sluggish
- Eventually crashes with out-of-memory error

**Solutions:**

1. **Clear Log Buffer**
   - Settings → Logs → Clear All Logs
   - Set log retention to shorter period

2. **Restart Periodically**
   - Schedule daily restart during off-hours
   - Use system scheduler/cron

3. **Limit Buffer Sizes**
   ```toml
   # In config file
   [performance]
   max_buffer_size = 1000
   max_log_entries = 10000
   ```

### Device Connection Issues

#### TTL Device Not Found

**Symptoms:**
- Serial port not listed
- "Device not found" error
- Connection timeout

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Physical Connection**
   - Try different USB cable
   - Try different USB port
   - Check device LED indicators

2. **Install Drivers**

   **Windows:**
   - Download CH340/CP2102 drivers
   - Device Manager → Update Driver

   **macOS:**
   - Install from manufacturer website
   - System Preferences → Security → Allow

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Add user to dialout group
   sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER

   # Logout and login again
   ```

3. **Verify Device Firmware**
   ```bash
   # Connect via serial terminal
   screen /dev/tty.usbmodem1234 115200

   # Send test command
   PULSE

   # Should see response
   ```

4. **Reset USB Subsystem**

   **macOS:**
   ```bash
   sudo kextunload -b com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostFamily
   sudo kextload -b com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostFamily
   ```

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Reset USB controller
   echo -n "0000:00:14.0" | sudo tee /sys/bus/pci/drivers/xhci_hcd/unbind
   echo -n "0000:00:14.0" | sudo tee /sys/bus/pci/drivers/xhci_hcd/bind
   ```

#### Kernel Device Connection Failed

**Symptoms:**
- Cannot connect to IP address
- Connection refused error
- Timeout reaching device

**Solutions:**

1. **Network Connectivity**
   ```bash
   # Ping device
   ping 192.168.1.100

   # Check route
   traceroute 192.168.1.100

   # Test port
   nc -zv 192.168.1.100 6767
   ```

2. **Firewall Settings**

   **macOS:**
   ```bash
   # Allow incoming connections
   sudo /usr/libexec/ApplicationFirewall/socketfilterfw --add /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app
   ```

   **Windows:**
   - Windows Defender Firewall → Allow an app
   - Add HyperStudy Bridge

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Allow port
   sudo ufw allow 6767/tcp
   ```

3. **Device Configuration**
   - Verify device IP hasn't changed
   - Check device is in bridge mode
   - Restart Kernel device

#### Pupil Labs Connection Issues

**Symptoms:**
- Cannot discover device
- WebSocket connection fails
- No gaze data received

**Solutions:**

1. **Enable Real-Time API**
   - Open Pupil Companion app
   - Settings → Developer → Enable Real-time API
   - Note the displayed URL

2. **Network Discovery**
   ```bash
   # Scan for Pupil devices
   nmap -p 8080-8081 192.168.1.0/24

   # Test WebSocket
   wscat -c ws://192.168.1.50:8081
   ```

3. **Sync Time**
   - Ensure computer and Pupil device time are synced
   - Use NTP server for both devices

### Data Quality Issues

#### High Latency (>1ms for TTL)

**Symptoms:**
- TTL latency exceeds 1ms
- Delayed responses
- Timing critical experiments affected

**Solutions:**

1. **Optimize System**
   ```bash
   # Disable power saving (macOS)
   sudo pmset -a disablesleep 1

   # Set high performance (Windows)
   powercfg /setactive 8c5e7fda-e8bf-4a96-9a85-a6e23a8c635c

   # CPU governor (Linux)
   sudo cpupower frequency-set -g performance
   ```

2. **Reduce USB Latency**
   ```bash
   # Linux: Set low latency
   echo 1 | sudo tee /sys/bus/usb/devices/*/power/usb_autosuspend
   ```

3. **Process Priority**
   ```bash
   # macOS/Linux
   nice -n -20 hyperstudy-bridge

   # Windows (Run as Administrator)
   wmic process where name="hyperstudy-bridge.exe" call setpriority "realtime"
   ```

#### Data Loss/Corruption

**Symptoms:**
- Missing data points
- Corrupted values
- Sequence gaps

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Buffer Overflow**
   - Monitor log for "Buffer overflow" warnings
   - Increase buffer size in settings
   - Reduce data rate if possible

2. **Network Issues**
   ```bash
   # Check packet loss
   ping -c 100 device_ip

   # Monitor network quality
   mtr device_ip
   ```

3. **Synchronization**
   - Enable timestamps in all devices
   - Use LSL for time synchronization
   - Implement sequence numbers

### WebSocket Issues

#### Client Cannot Connect

**Symptoms:**
- HyperStudy can't find bridge
- WebSocket connection refused
- No response from bridge

**Solutions:**

1. **Verify Bridge is Running**
   ```javascript
   // Test in browser console
   const ws = new WebSocket('ws://localhost:9000');
   ws.onopen = () => console.log('Connected!');
   ws.onerror = (e) => console.error('Error:', e);
   ```

2. **Check CORS/Security**
   - Ensure connecting from localhost only
   - Disable browser extensions that block WebSocket
   - Try incognito/private mode

3. **Port Forwarding (Remote)**
   ```bash
   # SSH tunnel for remote access
   ssh -L 9000:localhost:9000 user@remote_host
   ```

#### Message Not Received

**Symptoms:**
- Commands sent but no response
- Inconsistent message delivery
- Timeout errors

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Message Format**
   ```javascript
   // Correct format
   {
     "type": "command",
     "device": "ttl",
     "action": "connect",
     "payload": { "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234" }
   }
   ```

2. **Enable Debug Logging**
   - Settings → Advanced → Debug Mode
   - Check logs for parsing errors

3. **Test with wscat**
   ```bash
   wscat -c ws://localhost:9000
   > {"type":"command","device":"ttl","action":"status"}
   ```

## Platform-Specific Issues

### macOS

#### Code Signing Issues

**Problem:** "App is damaged and can't be opened"

**Solution:**
```bash
# Remove quarantine
xattr -cr /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app

# Or allow in System Preferences
System Preferences → Security & Privacy → Open Anyway
```

#### Serial Port Permissions

**Problem:** Cannot access USB devices

**Solution:**
```bash
# Check current user groups
groups

# Grant terminal access to USB
Security & Privacy → Privacy → Files and Folders → Terminal
```

### Windows

#### Windows Defender Blocking

**Problem:** Windows Defender quarantines app

**Solution:**
1. Windows Security → Virus & threat protection
2. Protection history → Find quarantined app
3. Actions → Restore
4. Add exclusion for app folder

#### Missing Visual C++ Runtime

**Problem:** "VCRUNTIME140.dll not found"

**Solution:**
- Download Visual C++ Redistributable from Microsoft
- Install both x64 and x86 versions

### Linux

#### AppImage Won't Run

**Problem:** Permission denied or not executable

**Solution:**
```bash
# Make executable
chmod +x HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage

# Install FUSE if needed
sudo apt-get install fuse libfuse2

# Extract and run if FUSE unavailable
./HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage --appimage-extract
./squashfs-root/AppRun
```

#### Missing Libraries

**Problem:** Shared library errors

**Solution:**
```bash
# Check missing libraries
ldd HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage | grep "not found"

# Install common missing libs
sudo apt-get install libgtk-3-0 libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37
```

## Debug Information Collection

When reporting issues, collect:

### System Information
```bash
# macOS
system_profiler SPHardwareDataType SPSoftwareDataType

# Linux
uname -a
lsb_release -a
lscpu

# Windows
systeminfo
```

### Application Logs
```bash
# Default log locations
macOS: ~/Library/Logs/hyperstudy-bridge/
Linux: ~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/logs/
Windows: %APPDATA%\hyperstudy-bridge\logs\
```

### Device Information
```bash
# List USB devices
lsusb           # Linux
ioreg -p IOUSB  # macOS
wmic path Win32_USBHub get DeviceID  # Windows

# List serial ports
ls /dev/tty.*   # macOS
ls /dev/ttyUSB* # Linux
mode            # Windows
```

### Network Diagnostics
```bash
# Check listening ports
netstat -an | grep 9000

# Test WebSocket
curl -i -N \
  -H "Connection: Upgrade" \
  -H "Upgrade: websocket" \
  -H "Sec-WebSocket-Key: x3JJHMbDL1EzLkh9GBhXDw==" \
  -H "Sec-WebSocket-Version: 13" \
  http://localhost:9000/
```

## Performance Profiling

### CPU Profiling
```bash
# macOS
sample HyperStudy\ Bridge 10 -file bridge_profile.txt

# Linux
perf record -p $(pgrep hyperstudy) -g -- sleep 10
perf report

# Windows
Windows Performance Recorder
```

### Memory Profiling
```bash
# Monitor memory usage
while true; do
  ps aux | grep hyperstudy | grep -v grep
  sleep 1
done
```

### Network Profiling
```bash
# Monitor WebSocket traffic
tcpdump -i lo -w bridge_traffic.pcap port 9000

# Analyze with Wireshark
wireshark bridge_traffic.pcap
```

## Recovery Procedures

### Complete Reset
```bash
# 1. Stop application
pkill hyperstudy-bridge

# 2. Remove config
rm -rf ~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/

# 3. Clear cache
rm -rf ~/Library/Caches/hyperstudy-bridge/  # macOS
rm -rf ~/.cache/hyperstudy-bridge/          # Linux

# 4. Reinstall
```

### Emergency Stop
```bash
# Force kill all related processes
pkill -9 -f hyperstudy

# Release port
fuser -k 9000/tcp
```

## Getting Help

If issues persist:

1. **Collect Debug Bundle**
   ```bash
   # Run diagnostic script
   ./collect_diagnostics.sh
   ```

2. **Report Issue**
   - GitHub: [Create Issue](https://github.com/your-org/hyperstudy-bridge/issues)
   - Include:
     - Debug bundle
     - Steps to reproduce
     - Expected vs actual behavior
     - Screenshots if applicable

3. **Community Support**
   - Discord: [Join Server](https://discord.gg/hyperstudy)
   - Forum: [Community Forum](https://forum.hyperstudy.io)

## Known Issues

### Current Limitations

1. **TTL on macOS**
   - Some USB-Serial adapters have higher latency
   - Recommended: [hyperstudy-ttl](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-ttl)

2. **LSL on Windows**
   - Firewall may block stream discovery
   - Workaround: Manually specify stream info

3. **Pupil on Linux**
   - mDNS discovery may not work
   - Workaround: Use direct IP connection

### Under Investigation

- Memory growth with >10 devices connected
- Occasional WebSocket disconnect under heavy load
- TTL latency spikes during system sleep wake

---

For additional support, contact: support@hyperstudy.io

Commit message:

fix: Rewrite Pupil Labs Neon integration to use real REST API
Replace fabricated WebSocket protocol with actual Neon Companion App
REST API (port 8080) for device control. Gaze data streaming continues
via LSL (already working in neon.rs).

Key changes:
- Add reqwest HTTP client dependency for REST API calls
- Rewrite pupil.rs with correct API response envelope pattern
  ({"message": ..., "result": ...}) and heterogeneous status array
  parsing ([{"model": "Phone", "data": {...}}, ...])
- Fix websocket.rs Send handler to pass full JSON payload to Pupil
  device instead of extracting just the command string
- Update default URL from localhost:8081 to neon.local:8080
- Update frontend components and tests for REST API + LSL
- Rewrite stale documentation across 4 markdown files

TROUBLESHOOTING_GUIDE.md, after:

# HyperStudy Bridge Troubleshooting Guide

## Quick Diagnostics

Before troubleshooting, run these quick checks:

```bash
# Check if bridge is running
ps aux | grep hyperstudy-bridge

# Check if port 9000 is available
lsof -i :9000

# Test WebSocket connection
wscat -c ws://localhost:9000

# Check system resources
top -o cpu  # macOS
top         # Linux
taskmgr     # Windows
```

## Common Issues and Solutions

### Application Issues

#### Bridge Won't Start

**Symptoms:**
- Application crashes immediately
- No window appears
- Error message on launch

**Solutions:**

1. **Port Already in Use**
   ```bash
   # Find process using port 9000
   lsof -i :9000

   # Kill the process
   kill -9 <PID>
   ```

2. **Missing Dependencies (Linux)**
   ```bash
   sudo apt-get install libwebkit2gtk-4.0-dev \
     libgtk-3-dev libayatana-appindicator3-dev
   ```

3. **Permissions Issue (macOS)**
   ```bash
   # Reset permissions
   sudo chmod +x /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app/Contents/MacOS/HyperStudy\ Bridge

   # Clear quarantine
   xattr -d com.apple.quarantine /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app
   ```

4. **Corrupted Installation**
   - Completely uninstall the application
   - Delete config files: `~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/`
   - Reinstall from fresh download

#### High CPU Usage

**Symptoms:**
- CPU usage >50% when idle
- Fan spinning constantly
- System slowdown

**Solutions:**

1. **Disable Debug Logging**
   - Open Settings → Advanced
   - Turn off "Debug Mode"
   - Restart application

2. **Reduce Data Rates**
   ```javascript
   // Lower sampling rates in device config
   {
     "samplingRate": 10,  // Reduce from 100
     "bufferSize": 100    // Reduce from 1000
   }
   ```

3. **Check for Infinite Loops**
   - Review logs for rapid repeating messages
   - Disconnect problematic devices
   - Report issue with log file

#### Memory Leaks

**Symptoms:**
- Memory usage grows over time
- Application becomes sluggish
- Eventually crashes with out-of-memory error

**Solutions:**

1. **Clear Log Buffer**
   - Settings → Logs → Clear All Logs
   - Set log retention to shorter period

2. **Restart Periodically**
   - Schedule daily restart during off-hours
   - Use system scheduler/cron

3. **Limit Buffer Sizes**
   ```toml
   # In config file
   [performance]
   max_buffer_size = 1000
   max_log_entries = 10000
   ```

### Device Connection Issues

#### TTL Device Not Found

**Symptoms:**
- Serial port not listed
- "Device not found" error
- Connection timeout

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Physical Connection**
   - Try different USB cable
   - Try different USB port
   - Check device LED indicators

2. **Install Drivers**

   **Windows:**
   - Download CH340/CP2102 drivers
   - Device Manager → Update Driver

   **macOS:**
   - Install from manufacturer website
   - System Preferences → Security → Allow

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Add user to dialout group
   sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER

   # Logout and login again
   ```

3. **Verify Device Firmware**
   ```bash
   # Connect via serial terminal
   screen /dev/tty.usbmodem1234 115200

   # Send test command
   PULSE

   # Should see response
   ```

4. **Reset USB Subsystem**

   **macOS:**
   ```bash
   sudo kextunload -b com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostFamily
   sudo kextload -b com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostFamily
   ```

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Reset USB controller
   echo -n "0000:00:14.0" | sudo tee /sys/bus/pci/drivers/xhci_hcd/unbind
   echo -n "0000:00:14.0" | sudo tee /sys/bus/pci/drivers/xhci_hcd/bind
   ```

#### Kernel Device Connection Failed

**Symptoms:**
- Cannot connect to IP address
- Connection refused error
- Timeout reaching device

**Solutions:**

1. **Network Connectivity**
   ```bash
   # Ping device
   ping 192.168.1.100

   # Check route
   traceroute 192.168.1.100

   # Test port
   nc -zv 192.168.1.100 6767
   ```

2. **Firewall Settings**

   **macOS:**
   ```bash
   # Allow incoming connections
   sudo /usr/libexec/ApplicationFirewall/socketfilterfw --add /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app
   ```

   **Windows:**
   - Windows Defender Firewall → Allow an app
   - Add HyperStudy Bridge

   **Linux:**
   ```bash
   # Allow port
   sudo ufw allow 6767/tcp
   ```

3. **Device Configuration**
   - Verify device IP hasn't changed
   - Check device is in bridge mode
   - Restart Kernel device

#### Pupil Labs Neon Connection Issues

**Symptoms:**
- Cannot connect to Neon device
- REST API requests fail
- No gaze data received via LSL

**Solutions:**

1. **Verify Neon Companion App**
   - Ensure Neon Companion App is running on the phone
   - Phone and computer must be on the same network
   - For gaze data: enable "Stream over LSL" in Companion App settings

2. **Test REST API Connectivity**
   ```bash
   # Test REST API on port 8080
   curl http://neon.local:8080/api/status

   # If mDNS fails, find the phone's IP and test directly
   curl http://192.168.1.50:8080/api/status
   ```

3. **Sync Time**
   - Ensure computer and Neon device time are synced
   - Use NTP server for both devices

### Data Quality Issues

#### High Latency (>1ms for TTL)

**Symptoms:**
- TTL latency exceeds 1ms
- Delayed responses
- Timing critical experiments affected

**Solutions:**

1. **Optimize System**
   ```bash
   # Disable power saving (macOS)
   sudo pmset -a disablesleep 1

   # Set high performance (Windows)
   powercfg /setactive 8c5e7fda-e8bf-4a96-9a85-a6e23a8c635c

   # CPU governor (Linux)
   sudo cpupower frequency-set -g performance
   ```

2. **Reduce USB Latency**
   ```bash
   # Linux: Set low latency
   echo 1 | sudo tee /sys/bus/usb/devices/*/power/usb_autosuspend
   ```

3. **Process Priority**
   ```bash
   # macOS/Linux
   nice -n -20 hyperstudy-bridge

   # Windows (Run as Administrator)
   wmic process where name="hyperstudy-bridge.exe" call setpriority "realtime"
   ```

#### Data Loss/Corruption

**Symptoms:**
- Missing data points
- Corrupted values
- Sequence gaps

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Buffer Overflow**
   - Monitor log for "Buffer overflow" warnings
   - Increase buffer size in settings
   - Reduce data rate if possible

2. **Network Issues**
   ```bash
   # Check packet loss
   ping -c 100 device_ip

   # Monitor network quality
   mtr device_ip
   ```

3. **Synchronization**
   - Enable timestamps in all devices
   - Use LSL for time synchronization
   - Implement sequence numbers

### WebSocket Issues

#### Client Cannot Connect

**Symptoms:**
- HyperStudy can't find bridge
- WebSocket connection refused
- No response from bridge

**Solutions:**

1. **Verify Bridge is Running**
   ```javascript
   // Test in browser console
   const ws = new WebSocket('ws://localhost:9000');
   ws.onopen = () => console.log('Connected!');
   ws.onerror = (e) => console.error('Error:', e);
   ```

2. **Check CORS/Security**
   - Ensure connecting from localhost only
   - Disable browser extensions that block WebSocket
   - Try incognito/private mode

3. **Port Forwarding (Remote)**
   ```bash
   # SSH tunnel for remote access
   ssh -L 9000:localhost:9000 user@remote_host
   ```

#### Message Not Received

**Symptoms:**
- Commands sent but no response
- Inconsistent message delivery
- Timeout errors

**Solutions:**

1. **Check Message Format**
   ```javascript
   // Correct format
   {
     "type": "command",
     "device": "ttl",
     "action": "connect",
     "payload": { "port": "/dev/tty.usbmodem1234" }
   }
   ```

2. **Enable Debug Logging**
   - Settings → Advanced → Debug Mode
   - Check logs for parsing errors

3. **Test with wscat**
   ```bash
   wscat -c ws://localhost:9000
   > {"type":"command","device":"ttl","action":"status"}
   ```

## Platform-Specific Issues

### macOS

#### Code Signing Issues

**Problem:** "App is damaged and can't be opened"

**Solution:**
```bash
# Remove quarantine
xattr -cr /Applications/HyperStudy\ Bridge.app

# Or allow in System Preferences
System Preferences → Security & Privacy → Open Anyway
```

#### Serial Port Permissions

**Problem:** Cannot access USB devices

**Solution:**
```bash
# Check current user groups
groups

# Grant terminal access to USB
Security & Privacy → Privacy → Files and Folders → Terminal
```

### Windows

#### Windows Defender Blocking

**Problem:** Windows Defender quarantines app

**Solution:**
1. Windows Security → Virus & threat protection
2. Protection history → Find quarantined app
3. Actions → Restore
4. Add exclusion for app folder

#### Missing Visual C++ Runtime

**Problem:** "VCRUNTIME140.dll not found"

**Solution:**
- Download Visual C++ Redistributable from Microsoft
- Install both x64 and x86 versions

### Linux

#### AppImage Won't Run

**Problem:** Permission denied or not executable

**Solution:**
```bash
# Make executable
chmod +x HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage

# Install FUSE if needed
sudo apt-get install fuse libfuse2

# Extract and run if FUSE unavailable
./HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage --appimage-extract
./squashfs-root/AppRun
```

#### Missing Libraries

**Problem:** Shared library errors

**Solution:**
```bash
# Check missing libraries
ldd HyperStudy-Bridge.AppImage | grep "not found"

# Install common missing libs
sudo apt-get install libgtk-3-0 libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37
```

## Debug Information Collection

When reporting issues, collect:

### System Information
```bash
# macOS
system_profiler SPHardwareDataType SPSoftwareDataType

# Linux
uname -a
lsb_release -a
lscpu

# Windows
systeminfo
```

### Application Logs
```bash
# Default log locations
macOS: ~/Library/Logs/hyperstudy-bridge/
Linux: ~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/logs/
Windows: %APPDATA%\hyperstudy-bridge\logs\
```

### Device Information
```bash
# List USB devices
lsusb           # Linux
ioreg -p IOUSB  # macOS
wmic path Win32_USBHub get DeviceID  # Windows

# List serial ports
ls /dev/tty.*   # macOS
ls /dev/ttyUSB* # Linux
mode            # Windows
```

### Network Diagnostics
```bash
# Check listening ports
netstat -an | grep 9000

# Test WebSocket
curl -i -N \
  -H "Connection: Upgrade" \
  -H "Upgrade: websocket" \
  -H "Sec-WebSocket-Key: x3JJHMbDL1EzLkh9GBhXDw==" \
  -H "Sec-WebSocket-Version: 13" \
  http://localhost:9000/
```

## Performance Profiling

### CPU Profiling
```bash
# macOS
sample HyperStudy\ Bridge 10 -file bridge_profile.txt

# Linux
perf record -p $(pgrep hyperstudy) -g -- sleep 10
perf report

# Windows
Windows Performance Recorder
```

### Memory Profiling
```bash
# Monitor memory usage
while true; do
  ps aux | grep hyperstudy | grep -v grep
  sleep 1
done
```

### Network Profiling
```bash
# Monitor WebSocket traffic
tcpdump -i lo -w bridge_traffic.pcap port 9000

# Analyze with Wireshark
wireshark bridge_traffic.pcap
```

## Recovery Procedures

### Complete Reset
```bash
# 1. Stop application
pkill hyperstudy-bridge

# 2. Remove config
rm -rf ~/.config/hyperstudy-bridge/

# 3. Clear cache
rm -rf ~/Library/Caches/hyperstudy-bridge/  # macOS
rm -rf ~/.cache/hyperstudy-bridge/          # Linux

# 4. Reinstall
```

### Emergency Stop
```bash
# Force kill all related processes
pkill -9 -f hyperstudy

# Release port
fuser -k 9000/tcp
```

## Getting Help

If issues persist:

1. **Collect Debug Bundle**
   ```bash
   # Run diagnostic script
   ./collect_diagnostics.sh
   ```

2. **Report Issue**
   - GitHub: [Create Issue](https://github.com/your-org/hyperstudy-bridge/issues)
   - Include:
     - Debug bundle
     - Steps to reproduce
     - Expected vs actual behavior
     - Screenshots if applicable

3. **Community Support**
   - Discord: [Join Server](https://discord.gg/hyperstudy)
   - Forum: [Community Forum](https://forum.hyperstudy.io)

## Known Issues

### Current Limitations

1. **TTL on macOS**
   - Some USB-Serial adapters have higher latency
   - Recommended: [hyperstudy-ttl](https://github.com/ljchang/hyperstudy-ttl)

2. **LSL on Windows**
   - Firewall may block stream discovery
   - Workaround: Manually specify stream info

3. **Pupil on Linux**
   - mDNS discovery may not work
   - Workaround: Use direct IP connection

### Under Investigation

- Memory growth with >10 devices connected
- Occasional WebSocket disconnect under heavy load
- TTL latency spikes during system sleep wake

---

For additional support, contact: support@hyperstudy.io
